Minor fixes (#3319)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/experiment-management/running-experiments.md

### Running the pipeline(s)

> You can run the experiment pipeline using `dvc exp run`. It uses `./dvc.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the pipeline of the experiment with `dvc exp run`. It uses `./dvc.yaml`
```

Relates to a point in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues/2768:

> removing the pipeline and stages concept would be ideal

Reviewer: For now, I'm not sure what's wrong with "experimental pipeline" though. Isn't that what it is?

Author: Hmm, the way I read it -  "experimental pipeline" suggests not only possession ("of experiment") but that the pipeline itself is somehow of experimental nature (i.e. not final?).
Here, we just want to convey possession to the experiment. There's nothing "experimental" about the pipeline *itself*.

Reviewer 2: I think "experiment pipeline" is better than "pipeline of the experiment"

Reviewer: "experimental" is not possessive though 🙂  "experiment's" would be possessive. "Experimental" is a qualitative adjective: it indicates a quality of the noun ("pipeline" here). We do not want to express possession above, we're just talking about the pipeline (which is itself an experiment).

> that the pipeline itself is somehow of experimental nature (i.e. not final?)

Yes, that's the intended meaning of the phrase. The hypothetical pipeline here is experimental in fact.

The problem IMO is the unnecessary complication of having the pipeline concept here, which again is something we want to address per #2768.

Reviewer: > something we want to address separately, per https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues/2768

Now that if you want to address that here, why not?

Reviewer: p.s. I also have no strong opinion agains "pipeline of the experiment" TBH, esp. since we want to remove the pipeline concept later so this will be reviewed again then.

Author: > "Yes, that's the intended meaning of the phrase. The hypothetical pipeline here is experimental in fact."

Have to admit I'm a bit confused about that sentence 😄 
@jorgeorpinel  - I don't want to go against your judgment & expertise here 
IMO - `experiment pipeline` is more appropriate here than `experimental pipeline`, but definitely can live with both.
I'll go with whichever you decide

Reviewer: K let's keep your change 👍🏼

Author: 🙏

"wrap-up" checkpoint will be added (if needed), so that changes to pipeline
outputs don't remain in the workspace.

> Subsequent uses of `dvc exp run` will resume from the latest checkpoint (using

Reviewer: 👍🏼 

Should we also change  continue -> resume  in [here](https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/exp/run#-r)?

Author: @jorgeorpinel  - I change the command reference as well. But please note I noticed the command references fell out of sync (at least partly) with the actual `dvc` command help messages, see [exp run -r](https://github.com/iterative/dvc/blob/main/dvc/commands/experiments/run.py#L69)
I guess this calls for a realignment pass(es) or some mechanism in place to avoid disparity

Reviewer: Thanks!

> I noticed the command references fell out of sync (at least partly) with the actual `dvc` command help messages, see [exp run -r](https://github.com/iterative/dvc/blob/main/dvc/commands/experiments/run.py#L69)

Thanks for mentioning it.

> I guess this calls for a realignment pass(es) or some mechanism in place to avoid them falling out of sync

The core team has a manual check in their PRs where they decide when docs changes are required but being manual there's room for error of course, so yeah that happens! Cc @dberenbaum

Reviewer: p.s. Actually, there's no un-alignment here. We don't intend to copy-paste option descriptions from help output. We often rewrite them completely in docs.

Reviewer: p.p.s. if anything I'd say that the CLI output `Continue the specified checkpoint experiment` isn't as clear as the docs `continue an experiment from a specific checkpoint`. You don't need `--rev` to **resume** a checkpoint experiment, you need it to specify from which checkpoint to resume from.

Reviewer: Created https://github.com/iterative/dvc/issues/7451 to follow up on that.

Author: > "We often rewrite them completely in docs."
Intriguing! 👀 
Understood

the latest cached versions of all outputs). To resume from a previous checkpoint

> (list them with `dvc exp show`), you must first `dvc exp apply` it before
> running it with `dvc exp run`. For `--queue` or `--temp` runs, use `--rev` to

Reviewer: Unclear what "it" refers to.

```suggestion
(list them with `dvc exp show`), you must first `dvc exp apply` it before
using `dvc exp run`. For `--queue` or `--temp` runs, use `--rev` to
```

Author: Good catch, thanks!
